All right, POCs.
You guys close your first influencer, what's next?
Well, all you have to do is manage and track them
to make sure that they're posted consistently
and their content needs your requirements.
So you've added them to your CRM,
you're in a group chat with them, what's next?
Pretty simple, the contract, right?
We put that in the materials below.
All you have to do is set up the contract,
their name, their address, their contract size,
which is their deal.
So whether that's two grand for a million views,
when they'd be paid out and the posting schedule.
Highly recommended throwing all that in the contract
so there's no miscommunication on when things need be posted,
when they're paid, and anything that could eventually
hurt you in the long run.
But I wouldn't overthink this, there's a template,
it's really simple, put that in the materials below.
Next, they sign the contract, all you have to do is pay them,
right?
So if you're on a smaller scale, right,
you have less than five influencers,
highly recommend using PayPal or Venmo,
if you're sending roughly just a couple thousand dollars a month,
if you are sending more than a couple thousand dollars
a month, they're handling five plus
your 10, 15, 20 influencers,
highly recommend using platform like Growee,
which I'll have a whole section showing you how to set up Growee,
and use Growee for performance tracking,
to payment, to campaigns, et cetera, whole nine yards.
And the fourth thing is performance tracking.
For now, if you're on the smaller scale,
less than five influencers,
I would just put it on Google Sheets, right?
Set it up, influencer name, accounts, average views,
what they're aiming to get and when they're gonna post,
I just put the link in there and you can sum it up
at the end of the month.
When it comes to the schedule,
and this is generally put in the contract,
you say one video per week for four weeks.
I don't recommend saying like every Monday
because a lot of the times things get delayed
and they might not feel comfortable with that.
So I generally in the onboarding call,
make sure it's like, hey, we're planning for Mondays,
but you have a two day grace period.
And it's your job to follow up on that Friday,
Saturday, Sunday, how in the for that video,
makes the video reach requirements.
When it comes to content requirements,
the app needs to show be shown the first 15 to 20 seconds
and the content needs to be native to their audience.
You can't be posting a video that makes no sense, right?
The video has to be something that they normally post
whether it's a day in the life, right?
Think Kalei, whether it's Twitter or it's showing
like how to become a dog in self development
and quitting porn is one of those things.
And the last thing,
which I think is the most important thing
is your aha moment, all right?
This needs to be a clear engaging moment,
which is a feature of your app, all right?
A scroll stopping moment.
Now think Kalei, that is scanning food.
Whenever someone's watching the video a day in life
a fitness influencer is like, holy shit,
I can use AI to scan my food and get these calories done
in seconds and I want to waste five, 10 minutes
to log my fucking calories like a loser.
For Twitter, it's the panic button, right?
We say, look, if you have urges
at which a lot of young men have,
click the panic button, it walks you through it.
It makes you actually look like an idiot
if you guys have ever seen it.
Another thing, community feature for us, right?
On Twitter, a lot of the fitness influencers
and religious creators we work with always say,
like here are three ways you can quit,
lust, three ways to change your life.
A big one's surrounding yourself through community.
And so they push the community feature on the app.
Think about your app
and what features can integrate in their content.
That is gonna make you win this game.
Now, tracking on a more specific node.
Like I said, less than five creators,
use a Google shit, right?
You don't need to over-complicate this.
Five plus, use growing it.
Automatically, keep tracks, views,
manage campaigns, you can schedule payouts.
You can basically scale up without worrying about
when to pay someone, how many views they get
and worrying about also contracts,
growing hands, contracts.
Now, when it comes to your workflow,
I would say if you plan for Monday,
make sure you follow up on Saturday or Sunday
to confirm the content is prepared,
they send it to you, you review it, it's good,
you validate it, they can post it.
Make sure it meets the guidelines.
A lot of these influencers
might try to stack multiple deals and cut corners.
You can't let them cut corners, that's why you have a contract.
It's also why I highly recommend paying 20% in front.
Now, there is a world where you're in a very competitive
industry like Cal AI, for example,
where everyone's trying to get the fitness influencers, all right?
So they pay upfront because they can't afford
to lose an influencer.
At the end of the month, right?
So you have week one, they post week two,
they post week three, they post week four, they post.
I highly recommend waiting a full week after their fourth post
to total the views, make sure the view guarantee was hit,
release the final payment and discuss the adjustments
the next month, what if they don't hit the agree?
If you guarantee what if they blow it out of the water,
like I wanna up this, up it, right?
The whole point of this is to make sure
that you are getting accurate data,
which is fair for the influencer and fair for yourself.
Boom, I got it.
[BLANK_AUDIO]